Texts in page1:-

HOW TQ PLAY "FIVI: MIEN AT KURSK" We're somewhere in Normandy 1944.

Rallying our troops: Rallying is based on the Morale of the squad: On a patrol, our section of British infantry is Since we have a Morale of 3, we get 3 rallying advancing on a few dug in Germans, with a attempts per turn: Stuart light tank in support.

This allows uS to restore the two Nervous troops When we enter the picture, our section is in a to normal fighting condition: reasonably typical position: The Scared soldier can be rallied with our last Bren gun team hanging back a bit; rifle team up attempt, requiring a rallying roll.

We roll low and closer and the Stuart is bringing up the right he becomes Nervous instead.

flank: Our rifle team has taken some leaving 2 A Nervous soldier may more or fire (but not men Nervous and 1 man Scared but we have no both) while a Scared soldier will not accept casualties this far: orders at all, so we're still a lot better off than we were before.

The Germans have a few riflemen that we've caught relatively unprepared.

No machine Bonus moves: that we have seen A squad receives a number of bonus movement actions, equal to our Mobility, in this case a 1.

Bonus move are 3" (a bit over half a move) and do not allow any other actions, but dont prevent the figure from activating later in the turn_ For the purpose of this example, it doesn't matter who we use it on.

We elect to take a rifleman that was stranded Keeping an eye on the enemyl short of cover and get him behind a wall, no doubt encouraged by the Corporal shouting at To carry out a turn; we need to know 3 factors him.

for our squad and 1 for the enemy: Using the typical ratings given in the rules, we No Germans are in sight; so nothing to worry know our squad has a Mobility of 1, Morale of 3 about yet.

and Coordination of 3_ Our German opponents have a Fire Discipline of 3 and Coordination of 3 as well.

Since the example covers our turn, their Mobility and Morale doesn't matter: In the core rules, actions can be carried out in any order; but for this example, we will do each type of action in turn.

fire, guns yet: they only




